This project is retired.

Back when Tekkit Classic was the hottest thing in Minecraft, it was also the biggest headache for server admins because many of its "features" completely ignored anti-grief technology.  As a result, many server owners struggled through nasty config files and installing unofficial Tekkit modifications to remove all the bad stuff.  Really, server owners could never be certain that hadn't left in some means for ill-intentioned players ("griefers") to bypass protections and destroy the work of other players in a way that couldn't even be undone short of a full world restore from backup.  So many Tekkit servers failed after only a few days or weeks because some jackass player ran amok destroying everything to the point that the server owner was forced to reset the entire world (thus removing anything not already destroyed) and start over.  This usually prompted them to quit the Tekkit server business.

I made it my business to explore every facet of Tekkit, to the point of knowing every anti-grief-workaround made possible by any of the individual mods in the Tekkit package.  Then I created this plugin, which the moment it was installed, totally shut off all griefing opportunities introduced by Tekkit, and was even nice enough to explain to players in-game why they weren't allowed to place a certain kind of block or craft specific items so that server owners wouldn't have to constantly answer "Why can't I do X?"

Tekkit Classic eventually fell out of popularity, and I don't have enough free time to take on another "develop total expertise and a perfect solution" project anymore.  :)  So here lies TekkitCustomizer, a downright magical piece of software that outlived its usefulness.
